Add CFP reminder banner for IstioCon Virtual and Istio Day NA (#13649)
istio/istio.io: content/en/events/banners/istioday-cfp-2023.md

---

> title: CFP for 2023 IstioCon-VIRTUAL and Istio Day North America closes soon!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: CFPs for IstioCon 2023 and Istio Day North America close soon!
```

period_start: 2023-07-26
period_end: 2023-08-06
max_impressions: 12
timeout: 20
---

> Hurry up and submit your talk proposals for [IstioCon VIRTUAL](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/istiocon/) and [Istio Day North America](https://sessionize.com/kccnc-na-co-located-23). CFP closes soon!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit your talk proposals for [IstioCon](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/istiocon/) (Virtual) and [Istio Day North America](https://sessionize.com/kccnc-na-co-located-23) (Chicago). CFPs closes soon!
```
